# Sixth Inner Rework

| Taiwan | Vietnam | Thailand | North America |
| :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| [2020年 11月 13日](http://9y.bfage.com/news/detail/2478) | 19/03/2023 | Probably end of April | Speculating after end of May |

## New Features
### School Inner Rework
1. Each school gets corresponding Reworked Inner
1. Level up 3rd inner to max to get a quest from Headmasters for level 1 reworked inner
1. Reworked inner is deleted when player betrays school
1. No levels are reduced for player going on excursion
1. When player betray, there is not reimburse
ment for reworked inner
1. When player betray, school "achievement points" will be cleared
1. Renamed school item exchange NPC. Players may use "achievement points" to exchange reworked inner level 1-5, annotation, and culivation items.
1. Suzhou (390, 768) NPC: spend 100L to buy He Family jade gift pack. Gift pack contains He Family Jade Fragment x342 (bound). (We may or may not get this limited time event)

### Arena Ladder
1. Register at SZ gate NPC (453, 754)
1. First registered player becomes the host, while latter ones becomes the contender. The contender may not be more than 25 points in ladder power level. (assuming the same as inner points?)
1. When multiple contender is present, the system will randomly select one for the arena
1. During 1800-2300, winner will gain master points. Players can check the ranking at the NPC.
1. Every month on the 1st, top 3 ranking will get permenant animated title
1. Reward merchant moved to (435, 740), stakes moved to (380, 776)

### New Skill Reworks
1. Kunlun 4th rework
    - [] - increased damage. Skill turns into 20m single target skill. Damage splash up to 5 enemies within 5m
    - [] - increased damage. Target area increased. The fountain generated by this skill extends to 30s, but may only have one at a time.
    - [] - increased damage. Increased accuracy.
1. Kunlun 5th rework
    - [] - increased shield absorbtion. When shield dissipates, no longer clear "bathing moon" buff and may not receive again in 5s.
    - [] - increased damage. Knocked down enemies get 15% reduced soft defense, lasting 5s.
    - [] - when skill is complete or interrupted, increase 5% accuracy and doge rate for every "flower moon beauty" buff, lasting 3s.

### Infiltrate the Palace
1. Infiltrate the Palace - Player will infiltrate the Royal Palace with Night Scout Master, and secretly help the Emperor to weaken rebels
1. Infitration Talents - Growth gameplay. Increase battle and infiltration techniques, to gain more powers against rebels
1. Infiltration Collection - Record and collect people and item encountered during infiltration to unlock greater exploration skills
1. Add top level reward and round rewards
1. Add achievements related to "Infitrate the Palace"

### Control state monitoring function
1. UI can be turned on and off by the mini map
1. Customization - UI can be moved and locked to place during combat

### Other New Things
1. Wuji and Hero Island porting NPC back to Yanyu
    - Hero Island (511, -1193)
    - Wuji Island (70, -113)
1. New story line. Pick up quest from Lin Tiannan after Zodiac mission quest is complete.
1. Kunlun 5th effects in Chibi mode
     - Consume less MP when using skills. When body size is between 81 and 100, casting [], or at the end of [], increase movement speed by 15% for 4 seconds. While casting [], consume 5 points less of rage
1. Instance race gets special Fengshui state from Nov to Dec
1. SZ (305, 739), add new mounts for "Race to Treasure" game play in Nov - Dec (from the sound of it, you race for different type of lore exchange seasonally)
     - [] (200 pts)
     - [] (300 pts)
     - [] (treasure exchange pendant)
1. Gear appearance quick preview by using alt + left click on equipment, or equipment link
1. New lore head pieces: male thing, female thing, waist accessory

## Adjustments
### Kunlun Adjustments
1. Kunlun 4th inner rebalance
    1. Increased CD for "desonnate sound" and "pleasant sound". During "Musical Harmony", drastically reduce the CD for corresponding sounds
    1. "desonnate sound" damage gets reduced by yin defense
    1. Reduce healing to teammates during "pleasant sound"
    1. Optimize "Musical Harmony" icon to distinguish the 2 sound buff effects
    1. Fixes "pleasant sound" possibly dealing damage to self instead of healing
1. Kunlun 6th inner reblanace
    1. DOT from "Kunlun Force" and "No where to go" damage can be reduced by yin defense
    1. "Kunlun Force" will only trigger when attacking unparried opponent
1. Adjust reworked skill [] splash percentage. (low charge state splash increases from 50% to 75%)
1. Optimize combo skill []

### World Boss Adjustments
1. Turtle
    - Before: W, F 20:00 at ND and JL. 1 elite and 4 regulars per scene. Total of 10
    - After: W, F 20:00 at ND, JL, LY, YJ, EMV, JMP. 1 elite and 1 regular randomly spawned in each scenes. Total of 2 elites and 4 regulars. Regular loot doubles, elite unchanged.
1. Eagle
    - Before: T, Th, Sa 21:00 at LY and YJ. 1 elite and 4 regulars per scene. Total of 10
    - After: T, Th, Sa 21:00 at ND, JL, LY, YJ, EMV, JMP. 1 elite and 1 regular randomly spawned in each scenes. Total of 2 elites and 4 regulars. Regular loot doubles, elite unchanged.
1. Ape
    - Before: M, F 20:00 at ENV and JMP. 1 elite and 4 regulars per scene. Total of 10
    - After: M, F 20:00 at ND, JL, LY, YJ, EMV, JMP. 1 elite and 1 regular randomly spawned in each scenes. Total of 2 elites and 4 regulars. Regular loot doubles, elite unchanged.
1. Kirin
    - Before: Su 20:00 at LY.
    - Before: Su 20:00 at CD.
1. Inferno Kirin
    - Before: M, W, F 20:00 at LY.
    - Before: M, W, F 20:00 at CD.

### Script Steal Adjustments
1. Must be VIP and First Understanding to participate
1. Bookshelf will spawn 5 minute after event starts, and only once.
1. Book carrying NPCs spawns 5 minute after event starts, and refreshes every 2 minutes with 80 disciples
1. Every Book carrying disciple exists for 6 minutes. After Book carrying disciple becomes attackable, then it will stay for 3 minutes
1. Defeat the Book carrying disciples to receive secret scroll. Looting Secret Scroll will obtain "Script Steal Gift Pack" or "Book bag full of scripts"
1. After Adjustment, Map from pressing M will show "script steal area". The disciples will spawn in the zone

### Ghost Market Auction Optimization
1. Remove the pre-requisite quest for Auction house. Add an icon next to minimap for easy access.
1. "Social" list adds "System" tag. "System" tag adds "Ghost Market Auction House" subcategory
   1. If new item is available, got outbid, or watched item closing soon, system will pop up a message in DM window.
   1. This pop up can be turned off from the chat interface.
1. Now shows historical bids in a tab
1. New items added to auction house

### Nado adjustments
1. Eligibility requirement
    1. Wushu record for Weather Events active
    1. Nado Weather
    1. VIP
    1. Inner points 131 KYOC (could be 116 if it is bugged)

1. Remove the extra runs pill
1. New requirements to use "old bags", "elegant bags", "Village Head's Appreciation", "Treasure", "Big Treasure"
    1. must be VIP
    1. Inner points 131 KYOC (could be 116 if it is bugged)

1. Loots have 1 hour expiration from time looted
    - Exisiting ones in bag from previous patch will no longer be usable

### Cloud Valley Adjustments
1. Requirement to enter is now Infallible
1. Increase concurrent instances of Cloud Valley

### Cultivate Often Interface Adjustments
1. Curtain gets a notification red dot
1. Clicking the eggs in backpack can open the egg breaking interface

### ATS Battlefield Adjustments
1. Upgrade graphical textures, sculpture appearance. Adds flames...
1. Optimize the problem with too many rooms. Reduce spawn points.

### Other Adjustments
1. Adjusted certain school inner and rework effects
1. Optimize instance loots. Reduce drop rate for low level items.
1. Turn off City Tournament (like it was ever working anyway...)
1. During "Arena Battle", players approaching the boundary will get system reminders.
1. Adjust the night time 45 minute Daily Gift Package obtaining requirement. Player may collect the gift pack in the "Sign in Gift" interface after being online for 1 hour
1. Optimize the text around the source of green points and yellow points.
1. Lower the HP and DMG of the bosses in the 4 powers of Penglai Island Trials
1. Close Heaven Reaching Peak and Fengyun Cliff. Corresponding reworks can be exchanged with "Achievement Points" in School. New ways to obtain the axe set and outfits will be announced later.
1. Mail description may not include English letters (looking forward to this one LOL)
1. 24 BF inner selections are now the reworked school inners
1. Fixes player getting stuck in ATS Battle Field
1. Fixes CF daily duel quest bug where casting Yue Family rage in air does not add to progress.
1. Fixes Script Stealing interface exchange location for Ming was misnomed as Shao
1. Fixes Sheepskin drop from SI to be unbound for VIP players
1. Fixes Cloud Valley respawn location

## Fixes
1. Fixes autopathing in SZ could result in being stuck in air
1. Fixes Ancient Chess skill [] level 10 and up silencing the caster
1. Fixes one of the KL Qin set skill battle log shows as external damage
1. Fixes KunLun 4th rework skill [] CD, to be the same as un-reworked version
1. Fixes the KL Qin Cold Fountain skill where the fountain can be attacked in certain scenarios.
1. Fixes issue where friendly Weiqi buff gets replaced by enemy ones
1. Fixes issue where player in an abnormal state while joining Wudao result in instant coward debuff
1. Fixes issues where player cannot bounty attacker when defeated
1. Fixes issue where level 8 tailor cannot make the enhancing books.
